ICS 491 - Special Topics: Artificial Intelligence for Games<br>
University of Hawaii at Manoa, Fall 2011<br>
----

=== Assignment 6 ===
Assigns different roles to the tanks.

One tank guards the team flag.  If it doesn't have the flag,
it finds a path to the flag and moves there.  If it has the flag 
and it is not at its team base, it returns to base.  If it has
the flag and is at its team base, it turns to face the nearest enemy.

One tank tries to capture the nearest enemy flag.  If it doesn't have
an enemy flag, it will find a path to the nearest enemy flag and move there.
If the nearest enemy flag changes, its path will also change.  If it
has an enemy flag, it will return to base.

The remaining tanks chase after (and hopefully shoot) enemy tanks.
Each tank's target is determined by the default targeting code.  
Each tank can have a different target, so each tank will have its own path.

Tanks that are not guarding the team flag will drop the team flag so the
guard tank can retrieve it.

Tanks that are not trying to capture enemy flags will hold on to enemy flags,
to prevent them from being picked up by other teams, but they will make no
effort to capture the flag.

Uses the [http://code.google.com/p/yagsbpl/ YAGSBPL] library to implement A-star search.

=== Installing ===
# Download the BZFlag 2.4.0 source (not the installer/binary)
# Extract the source files into a directory (<code>$BZFLAG_HOME</code>)
# Place the provided files in the corresponding directories within <code>$BZFLAG_HOME</code>, replacing some of the existing files
# Build BZFlag as normal

=== Running ===
* <code>$BZFS_BIN</code> - the path to the BZFlag server executable
* <code>$BZFLAG_BIN</code> - the path to the BZFlag client executable
* <code>$BZFS_BIN/bzfs -cr</code>
* <code>$BZFLAG_BIN/bzflag -solo 9</code>

